+++
title       = "Workshop Live Coding with Hydra, Eindhoven"
description = "@Baltan. A workshop live coding with Hydra by Niki Scheijen"

location    = "[Baltan Laboratories, Kastanjelaan 500, Eindhoven](https://www.openstreetmap.org/node/4089879990)"
doors       = 2024-12-13T19:00:00+01:00
start       = 2024-12-13T19:30:00+01:00
end         = 2024-12-13T22:00:00+01:00
price       = "€10 regular/ €7.50 student"

links = """
  ### [>> Go to eventpage (coming soon...)]()
  ### [>> Tickets (coming soon...)]()
"""
+++

## About

Join us for another workshop about live coding, co-organized with Baltan Laboratories (located in the historical Natlab building) in Eindhoven. This time we'll have a workshop by Niki Scheijen (Nikilia), regular from the Netherlands Coding Live community. She'll be giving a workshop about Hydra, a popular javascript web-based programming language for visuals. At the end of the workshop we'll have a show-and-tell session where everyone can show their creations to the group.

## Niki Scheijen (Nikilia)

[Niki Scheijen](https://nikischeijen.nl/) (1996, Maastricht)  is a Dutch interactive media designer, creative coder and VJ based in Rotterdam and studying at the Royal Academy of Art in The Hague, Netherlands.

Growing up aspiring to be a computer hacker left her with a drive to unravel and understand the systems and technologies that shape our everyday lives. Online activism, data, microwaves, feminism and VHS tapes are some subjects that she has transformed into interactive artworks.

Using a multidisciplinary approach Niki’s skills are very diverse, including electronics, 3d, web development and touchdesigner. She is mostly inspired by internet culture, her dog and nature.

In her experimental VJ sets and livecoding performances Niki loves to use old analog video mixers, titlemakers, DIY electronics and circuit bending. Together with more contemporary techniques and livecoding she create immersive live visuals that embrace the glitches, noise, and imperfections of obsolete technologies.

Niki has performed VJ and livecoding sets in various venues in The Netherlands and Germany. She teaches workshops about livecoding and is currently artist in residence at Creative Coding Utrecht. She has also been part of the Digital Care program by LIMA Media Art.
