+++
title       = "NL_CL x RLCC Meetup"
description = "@V2_lab for the Unstable Media. An open meetup in Rotterdam."

location    = "[V2_Lab for the Unstable Media, Eendrachtsstraat 10 Rotterdam, NL](https://www.openstreetmap.org/node/6766334767)"
doors       = 2025-11-03T19:00:00+01:00
start       = 2025-11-03T19:30:00+01:00
end         = 2025-11-03T22:00:00+01:00
price       = "Free entrance"

links = """
  <!-- ### [» Go to eventpage ](https://v2.nl/events/rotterdam-live-coders-community-meetup-2025-iv) -->
"""
+++

## About

An open meetup of Rotterdam’s live coding community! The participating artists will show their work environments and creative ideas. The event is an informal yet informative open session anyone from the public is very welcome to take part, you do not need to have an experience in live coding or software development. The idea is to share, learn and get inspired.

The Rotterdam Live Coders community is a dynamic group that welcomes anyone with curiosity and a will to participate. The session will be hosted by Rotterdam artists Niki Scheijen (Nikilia), Rik Mertens (trem_werk), Seb Pappalardo (eerie_ear), Den Ree (den_ree) and Wouter Lucifer (Gifmenger).

This edition Hannes Buchweiser and Richard van ‘t Hof will show their audio visual work on a big screen, are open for dialogue and hope to see your work. As a special treat, the community will showcase the first experiments of the forthcoming Mirage performance which will shown at V2_ LIVE later this month.

As ever, if time permits, there will be a ‘from scratch’ jam session.