+++
title       = "Workshop live coding with Mercury"
description = "@Baltan. A workshop live coding algorithmic electronic music with Mercury by Wilbert Vogel"

location    = "[Baltan Laboratories, Kastanjelaan 500, Eindhoven](https://www.openstreetmap.org/node/4089879990)"
doors       = 2025-04-11T18:30:00+01:00
start       = 2025-04-11T19:00:00+01:00
end         = 2025-04-11T22:30:00+01:00
price       = "€25 / €18 early bird / €15 student"

links = """
  ### [» Go to eventpage / tickets ](https://www.baltanlaboratories.org/events/mercury-workshop-1)
"""
+++

#### Join digital artist Wilbert Vogel and discover Mercury, an open-source live coding language for creating algorithmic electronic music
 
# About Mercury  

Mercury is a free/open-source, beginner-friendly, minimal and human-readable language for the live coding of algorithmic electronic music performances.

All elements of the language are designed around making code more accessible and less mysterious for both the programmer-performer and the audience alike. This motivation stretches down to the coding-style itself which uses clear descriptive names for functions and a simple syntax. Mercury provides the performer with an extensive library of algorithms to generate or transform sequences that can modulate musical parameters, such as (but not limited to) melody and rhythm, over time. The environment focuses on creating sound in the first place, but is not limited to that and can for example also output MIDI, OSC to control other processes such as visuals.

Mercury is built on the belief that live coding should be open, accessible, and empowering for everyone. It emphasizes clarity, simplicity, and inclusivity—prioritizing readable code and intuitive design so both performers and audiences can connect with the creative process. Mercury invites experimentation, celebrates mistakes, and sees code as a playful, expressive medium. It's not just a tool, but a space for curiosity, collaboration, and creative freedom.

The language was first programmed by Timo Hoogland in 2018. [More info about Mercury here](https://tmhglnd.github.io/mercury).

# About Wilbert Vogel 

Wilbert Vogel (a.k.a. Lil Bleep) is a multidisciplinary artist based in Eindhoven and a graduate of the Sint Joost Academy of Art in Den Bosch. After completing their studies, they developed a strong interest in live coding music, which has since become their primary artistic practice—deeply rooted in digital culture. Their work spans digital art, glitch aesthetics, and animations with a political undertone, always exploring the intersection between technology and expression. As Lil Bleep, they craft a soundscape that moves fluidly between breakbeats and hard-hitting 4x4 808s. Wilbert has performed across Europe, with appearances in Amsterdam, Utrecht, Paris, Lyon, and Barcelona. Currently, they are actively shaping a vibrant live coding scene in Eindhoven, nurturing a community of experimental sound and digital performance.

**The workshop is hosted and facilitated by Baltan Laboratories**