+++
title       = "Mirage performance"
description = "@V2_live concert night"

location    = "[V2_Lab for the Unstable Media, Eendrachtsstraat 10 Rotterdam, NL](https://www.openstreetmap.org/node/6766334767)"
doors       = 2025-11-21T20:00:00+01:00
start       = 2025-11-21T20:30:00+01:00
end         = 2025-11-21T23:00:00+01:00
price       = "€ 5"

links = """
  ### [» Go to eventpage ](https://v2.nl/events/v2_-live-mirage-concert-night)
  ### [» Tickets ](https://v2unstable.stager.co/shop/default/events/111589058)
"""
+++

## About

The second edition of V2_ Live is entitled Mirage and features the Rotterdam Live coders who engage with the shifting dialogue between bodies, machines, and data. Their performances merge live-coded vision and sound into a hypnotic interplay of human presence and machine reflection — a space where agency flickers and perception bends.

## Mirage
Mirage is an audiovisual live-coded music performance where humans step inside the algorithm. The audience becomes part of a shifting dialogue between bodies, machines, and data. Every gesture, movement, and spoken word feeds the system — only to return transformed. The performance unfolds as a poetic negotiation between intimacy and alienation, visibility and control. What begins as an invitation to play and co-create gradually evolves into a reflection on power, agency, and technological seduction. By intervening in AI processes, participants’ gestures are mirrored and reinterpreted, revealing how easily empathy can be simulated—and how fragile our presence becomes in mediated space. Hybrid instruments crackle over ambient drones, industrial beats clash with digital noise, and lush visuals ripple across the space. Mirage invites us to reflect on our role in shaping AI ecologies — and on the thin line between connection and manipulation, creation and surrender.