+++
title       = "Carnaval Live-Coding Algo_Rave"
description = "@Plug-in-city"

location    = "[Plug-in-city, Eindhoven, Leidingstraat](https://www.openstreetmap.org/?#map=19/51.447333/5.457552)"
doors       = 2026-02-14T19:00:00+01:00
start       = 2026-02-14T19:30:00+01:00
end         = 2026-02-14T23:59:00+01:00
price       = "€ 8,50"

links = """
  ### [» Go to eventpage ](https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/carnaval-live-coding-algo-rave-tickets-1980448446616)

"""
+++

## About

Cars 2 as you've never seen it before- live-soundtracked with electronic music and algorithmic visual distortion

This carnival, Baltan Laboratories invites you to an unforgettable alternative to the typical Dutch rave. 🎡 On Saturday, February 14th, from 19:00–00:00, Blablalab’s Live Coding community merges algorithmically composed music and visuals with the glorious absurdity of Cars 2.

Performers will glitch, obfuscate, and remix the 2011 family film in real time using the hydra video synthesizer, transforming it into a psychedelic sensory experience. Meanwhile, musicians will live-compose an electronic soundtrack to keep you moving and guide you through the screening.

Before the rave and screening fully kick off, the evening begins at 19:00 with a From Scratch session. A selection of local live-coders will perform short, fully improvisational sets—no setup, no preparation, just pure live coding. From Scratch sessions are a long-standing live coding tradition, originating in Mexico City in the early 2000s as a way for coders to challenge one another before a set.

Are you the world’s biggest Cars 2 fan looking for something different this carnival? Or just want an event you can brag about attending? Algo-Rave has you covered.

Come in costume—your favorite Cars 2 character or your carnival fit of the year. 🏎️✨

Line-Up: Eerie_Ear + Den Ree + Nikiliaa + Xx_Emo_xX + Lil_Bleep + Aki + Vin + Erwin
