+++
title       = "NL_CL Meetup, Eindhoven"
description = "@BlaBlalab comunity space. This event is an open meetup of Eindhovens live coding community."

location    = "[Baltan labratories Kastanjelaan 500 5616 LZ Eindhoven](https://www.openstreetmap.org/note/4822185)"
doors       = 2026-05-26T18:30:00+01:00
start       = 2026-05-26T19:00:00+01:00
end         = 2026-05-26T21:30:00+01:00
price       = "Pay what u like"

links = """
  ### [» Go to eventpage ](https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/live-coding-meetup-9-tickets-1988818153635?aff=oddtdtcreator)
"""
+++

## About  
A moment to share work-in-progress, exchange feedback, and workshop new ideas with likeminded makers.

These meet-ups offer a wider space for sharing work-in-progress, new tools and ideas, exchanging feedback, and fostering a vibrant local community of coders, live coders, enthusiasts and beginners. Whether you're developing new performances, experimenting with live visuals, crafting algorithms, or just starting out with coding, these evenings are designed to help you progress your practice in a supportive and dynamic environment.

Each session also dedicates time to collectively brainstorm and develop a community project — an open-ended opportunity to collaborate across disciplines and make something new together.

Artist Wilbert Vogel will be taking over our BlaBlaLab makerspace, leading each meet-up. They will take care of supporting participants in their work, offering technical guidance, creative input, and live feedback throughout the sessions. With their deep experience in live coding, glitch aesthetics, and collaborative performance, Wilbert will also facilitate group discussions, moderate the “Share Your Screen” sessions, and contribute to shaping the evolving identity of the community project. Their role is not only that of a mentor but also of a co-creator—someone who sparks curiosity, nurtures experimentation, and helps turn ideas into working code and performative acts.

🗓️ Thursday, May 26 | 6:30 – 9:30 PM

📍 BlaBlaLab, Eindhoven

🎟️ Reserve your spot via Eventbrite (link in bio)

💸 Open donation: pay what you can to support the initiative

🎯Join us for a new meet-up and keep up with the community

⚡️ All meet-ups are led by our rising star Lil Bleep


The Meetup is hosted and facilitated by Baltan Laboratories
