+++
title       = "Live Coding Sessions #9 x embodimement"
description = "@Doka, Volkshotel. Live Coding Sessions #9."

location    = "[Doka, Wibautstraat 150 Amsterdam, NL](https://www.openstreetmap.org/node/12579594500)"
doors       = 2026-01-15T19:30:00+01:00
start       = 2026-01-15T20:00:00+01:00
end         = 2026-01-15T22:00:00+01:00
price       = "TBC"

links = """
  ### [» Go to eventpage ](https://livecodingsessions.nl/sessions/lcs09/)
  ### [» Tickets ](https://doka.weticket.io/doka-culture-x-live-coding-sessions-9)
"""
+++

**LIVE CODING SESSIONS #9**

## About

This edition of Live Coding Sessions dives into embodiment, we explore how the body can become an active, expressive force in live coding. Transforming movement, gesture, and physical presence into sound, visuals, and creative possibilities. The body not just as a tool but as a collaborator, shaping the performance through wearables, motion, and audience interaction.

We’re excited to announce a line-up of Marije Baalman, Hay Kranen, Frank Bosma, Amit Palgi and Joyce den Hertog. Marije works with custom wearable systems that translate movement into live-coded sound and visuals, positioning the body as an active force within the performance. Hay and Frank approach embodiment through remix and participation: from live-coded sets built from dancing bodies to interactive 3D environments where the audience helps choreograph avatars in motion. Amit and Joyce will share the True-ing Test, a research project that investigates body intentionality in AI. By comparing human and AI-generated somatic dance responses, they explore intuition, creativity, and how bodies communicate meaning beyond language.

Venue: Doka Amsterdam / Volkshotel
Wibautstraat 150, 1091 GR Amsterdam, Netherlands.

Live Coding Sessions is kindly supported by Amsterdam Fund for the Arts (AFK), and Volkshotel Amsterdam.